$20,000 that's what I'm gonna pay you to
kill him a lot the devil comes to me
I've been watching you this is a
distance are advised to stay indoors
we got a hurricane you biscuit a country
all signs clearly point to you being the
murderer tell me what happened I didn't
do anything
[Music]
is it true that's your wife don't treat
you right he was
- drives me insane
I know you got this in here we've had
the sweet patch of love we ain't got
mouth
you see if you had a dark side darker
than the hell
[Music]
you'll have to trust me see what you did
you expect me to believe you didn't
commit murder
look at our basement
what's he talking about he's a monster
[Music]
you